c:\users\lala.x2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\bin\Debug\systemCacher.exe.config
c:\users\lala.x2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\bin\Debug\db.accdb
c:\users\lala.x2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\bin\Debug\systemCacher.exe
c:\users\lala.x2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\bin\Debug\systemCacher.pdb
c:\users\lala.x2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\lala.x2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\lala.x2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\lala.x2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\obj\Debug\systemCacher.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lala.x2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\obj\Debug\systemCacher.Form1.resources
c:\users\lala.x2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\obj\Debug\systemCacher.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lala.x2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\obj\Debug\systemCacher.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lala.x2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\obj\Debug\systemCacher.exe
c:\users\lala.x2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\obj\Debug\systemCacher.pdb
C:\Users\LaLa.X2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\obj\Debug\systemCacher.index.resources
C:\Users\LaLa.X2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\obj\Debug\systemCacher.Prodact.resources
C:\Users\LaLa.X2\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\bin\Debug\SQLite.Designer.pdb
C:\Users\LaLa.X2\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\bin\Debug\SQLite.Designer.xml
C:\Users\LaLa.X2\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.pdb
C:\Users\LaLa.X2\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\LaLa.X2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.DLL
C:\Users\LaLa.X2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\obj\Debug\systemCacher.Debit_account.resources
C:\Users\LaLa.X2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\obj\Debug\systemCacher.Rep_Bill.resources
C:\Users\LaLa.X2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\obj\Debug\systemCacher.Debit_All.resources
C:\Users\LaLa.X2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\obj\Debug\systemCacher.paid_accounts.resources
C:\Users\LaLa.X2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\obj\Debug\systemCacher.SerchProdact.resources
C:\Users\LaLa.X2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\obj\Debug\systemCacher.prfites.resources
C:\Users\LaLa.X2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\systemCacher\systemCacher\obj\Debug\systemCacher.admin.resources
